# Home

Hello, and welcome to the Abertay Hacksoc Wiki!


We are a group of Ethical Hacking students at [Abertay
University](http://www.abertay.ac.uk) in sunny Dundee, Scotland who meet
every Wednesday at 7pm in the [Hacklab at Abertay
Uni](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Abertay+University/) to discuss
information security. Each meeting a talk is given, usually by one of
our members, about a topic related to infosec. Go
[here](https://wiki.hacksoc.co.uk/meetings) for a list of the talks so
far this year.

Along with running our weekly meetings we are also known for organising
our annual conference [Securi-Tay](https://securi-tay.co.uk), which is
Europe's biggest student-run information security conference, aimed to
help students interact with industry. Our members are known for
attending many different conferences and events around the world, and
you may have seen some of them presenting work at these events. Along
with conferences the Abertay Hackers do appear regularly at many CTF
events.

Most of our members study at Abertay University which offers two courses
related to information security, these are our Bsc(Hons) in Ethical
Hacking and our Msc in Ethical Hacking and Cyber security. Both courses
are very popular due to the hands-on teaching approach supplied by our
lecturers and our modules which simulate work that we may face in a
real-world environment.

## Links

[Website](https://hacksoc.co.uk/)  
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/abertayhackers)  
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/abertayhackers)  
[GitHub](https://github.com/AbertayHackers)  
[Slack](https://abertayhackers.slack.com) ([How to](/guides/slack))  
[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/abertayhackers) ([How
to](/guides/reddit))
